.TH XcacheNotifications 8 "05 May 2015" "1.0" "XIA Manual Pages"
.SH NAME
XcacheNotifications \- Xcache Notifications.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B "#include <xcache.h>"
.sp
.BR "int XregisterNotification(int events, void (*func)(int event, const char *cid, int cidlen));"
.BR "int XprocessNotification(int xcacheSock);"
.fi

.SH DESCRIPTION
Xcache Notifications is a mechanism used by Xcache Daemon to notify
applications about the happening of events. Applications register to
the events of their interest by calling
.I XregisterNotification
function.
The argument
.I event
is the event for which the application is registering. Following
events are supported.

.B "XCE_CHUNKARRIVED"
.RS
Chunk arrived.
.RE
.B "XCE_CHUNKEVICTED"
.RS
Chunk evicted.
.RE
.B "XCE_SLICEEXPIRED"
.RS
Slice expired.
.RE

Applications can register to multiple events by a single call to
.I XregisterNotification().
This achieved by setting
.I events
to bitwise-OR of multiple events.
The argument
.I func
is a function pointer to the function that needs to be invoked on
happening of any event in set
.I events.
.I func
knows about the exact event in its first argument
.I event.
.I func
knows about the CID of the chunk on which that particular event
happened as the second argument
.I cid.
.I cid
is of length
.I cidlen.

Xcache sends these notifications on
.B ALL
the sockets allocated by
.B XcacheSocket(8).
Normally, applications should not need more than one such
socket. Application does not need to parse and process any notification
by itself. Function
.B XprocessNotification()
parses the incoming notification and invokes appropriate registered
function.
.B xcacheSock
must be allocated
.B XcacheSocket()
call.

.SH RETURN VALUE
On success
.B XregisterNotification()
returns 0. On failure it returns -1.
.B XprocessNotification()
returns the number of notifications received.
.SH ERRORS
.B ENOTCONN	
XcacheSock is not connected.

.B EHOSTDOWN	
Xcache is not running.
.B 
.\".SH NOTES

.SH EXAMPLE

.SH SEE ALSO
.B "XopenChunk(8),"
.B "Xput(8),"
.B "Xget(8)"
.SH AUTHOR
Harshad Shirwadkar <harshad@cmu.edu>
